New documentation structure (#2718)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/process.rst

    'context': Value(dtype='string', id=None),
    'id': Value(dtype='string', id=None),
    'question': Value(dtype='string', id=None),
    'title': Value(dtype='string', id=None)}

The **answers** field contains two subfields: **text** and **answer_start**. After you use :func:`datasets.Dataset.flatten`, these subfields are now their own independent columns:

    >>> flat_dataset = dataset.flatten()
    >>> flat_dataset
    Dataset({
        features: ['id', 'title', 'context', 'question', 'answers.text', 'answers.answer_start'],
        num_rows: 87599
    })

Concatenate
------------

Separate datasets can be concatenated if they share the same column types. Concatenate datasets with :func:`datasets.concatenate_datasets`:

   >>> from datasets import concatenate_datasets, load_dataset
   >>>
   >>> bookcorpus = load_dataset("bookcorpus", split="train")
   >>> wiki = load_dataset("wikipedia", "20200501.en", split="train")
   >>> wiki = wiki.remove_columns("title")  # only keep the text
   >>>
   >>> assert bookcorpus.features.type == wiki.features.type
   >>> bert_dataset = concatenate_datasets([bookcorpus, wiki])

.. seealso::

>     You can also mix several datasets together by taking alternating examples from each one to create a new dataset. This is known as interleaving datasets, and you can use it with :func:`datasets.interleave_datasets`.  See the ``IterableDataset`` section for an example of how it's used.

Reviewer: Ultimately both `interleave_datasets` and `concatenate_datasets` will work on regular `Dataset` and streaming `IterableDataset` objects

Author: Added sentence to specify that both methods will work with a regular `Dataset` and streaming `IterableDataset` object :)

> ``map``

Reviewer: This could go before `concatenate` I think

```suggestion
``Map``
```

    >>> updated_dataset['sentence1'][:5]
    ['My sentence: Amrozi accused his brother , whom he called " the witness " , of deliberately distorting his evidence .',
    "My sentence: Yucaipa owned Dominick 's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion .",
    'My sentence: They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10 , offering the cargo for sale , he added .',
    'My sentence: Around 0335 GMT , Tab shares were up 19 cents , or 4.4 % , at A $ 4.56 , having earlier set a record high of A $ 4.57 .',
    ]

Let's take a look at another example, except this time, you will remove a column with :func:`datasets.Dataset.map`. When you remove a column, it is only removed after the example has been provided to the mapped function. This allows the mapped function to use the content of the columns before they are removed. 

Specify the column to remove with the ``remove_columns=List[str]`` argument in :func:`datasets.Dataset.map`:

    >>> updated_dataset = dataset.map(lambda example: {'new_sentence': example['sentence1']}, remove_columns=['sentence1'])
    >>> updated_dataset.column_names
    ['sentence2', 'label', 'idx', 'new_sentence']

.. tip::

>     Datasets also has a :func:`datasets.Dataset.remove_columns` method that is functionally identical, but faster, because it doesn't copy the data to a new dataset object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Datasets also has a :func:`datasets.Dataset.remove_columns` method that is functionally identical, but faster, because it doesn't copy the data of the remaining columns.
```

    >>> augmented_dataset[:9]['data']
    ['Amrozi accused his brother , whom he called " the witness " , of deliberately distorting his evidence .',
    'Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called " the witness ", of deliberately withholding his evidence.',
    'Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called " the witness ", of deliberately suppressing his evidence.',
    'Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called " the witness ", of deliberately destroying his evidence.',
    "Yucaipa owned Dominick 's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion .",
    'Yucaipa owned Dominick Stores before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion.',
    "Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion.",
    'Yucaipa owned Dominick Pizza before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion.']

For each original sentence, RoBERTA augmented a random word with three alternatives. In the first sentence, the word ``distorting`` is augmented with ``withholding``, ``suppressing``, and ``destroying``.

Process multiple splits
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Many datasets have splits that we can process simultaneously with :func:`datasets.Dataset.map`. You can tokenize the ``sentence1`` field in the train and test split by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many datasets have splits that we can process simultaneously with :func:`datasets.DatasetDict.map`. You can tokenize the ``sentence1`` field in the train and test split by:
```

    'token_type_ids': [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
    'attention_mask': [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1]
    }

Distributed usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When you use :func:`datasets.Dataset.map` in a distributed setting, you should also use `torch.distributed.barrier <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/distributed.html?highlight=barrier#torch.distributed.barrier>`_. This ensures the main process perform the mapping, while the other processes load the results, thereby avoiding duplicate work. The following example shows how you can use ``torch.distributed.barrier`` to synchronize the processes:

   >>> from datasets import Dataset
   >>> import torch.distributed
   >>>
   >>> dataset1 = Dataset.from_dict({"a": [0, 1, 2]})
   >>>
   >>> if training_args.local_rank > 0:
   ...     print("Waiting for main process to perform the mapping")
   ...     torch.distributed.barrier()
   >>>
   >>> dataset2 = dataset1.map(lambda x: {"a": x["a"] + 1})
   >>>
   >>> if training_args.local_rank == 0:
   ...     print("Loading results from main process")
   ...     torch.distributed.barrier()

> :class:`IterableDataset`

Reviewer: Maybe we can have a separate page about how to process an iterable dataset ? The paradigm is a bit different from the on of regular map-style `Dataset` objects

Author: If we create a separate page for processing an `IterableDataset`, what do you think about combining that with how-to stream a dataset (I think you were referencing that [here](https://github.com/huggingface/datasets/pull/2718#discussion_r679134995))? Even though these are kind of two separate types of operations (loading vs processing), I think you are right that an `IterableDataset` is unique enough to warrant its own page :)

    >>> for epoch in range(epochs):
    ...     shuffled_dataset.set_epoch(epoch)
    ...     for example in shuffled_dataset:
    ...         ...

Split dataset
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can split your dataset one of two ways: :func:`datasets.IterableDataset.take`, or :func:`datasets.IterableDataset.skip`.

* :func:`datasets.IterableDataset.take` returns the first ``n`` examples in a dataset:

    >>> dataset = load_dataset('oscar', "unshuffled_deduplicated_en", split='train', streaming=True)
    >>> dataset_head = dataset.take(2)
    >>> list(dataset_head)
    [{'id': 0, 'text': 'Mtendere Village was...'}, '{id': 1, 'text': 'Lily James cannot fight the music...'}]

* :func:`datasets.IterableDataset.skip` omits the first ``n`` examples in a dataset and returns the remaining examples:

    >>> train_dataset = shuffled_dataset.skip(1000)

.. important::

    ``take`` and ``skip`` prevents future calls to ``shuffle`` because they lock in the order of the shards. You should ``shuffle`` your dataset before splitting it.

.. _mix_label:

> Mix

Reviewer: I would call it `Interleave`

    >>> from datasets import interleave_datasets
    >>> from itertools import islice
    >>> en_dataset = load_dataset('oscar', "unshuffled_deduplicated_en", split='train', streaming=True)
    >>> fr_dataset = load_dataset('oscar', "unshuffled_deduplicated_fr", split='train', streaming=True)
    >>>
    >>> multilingual_dataset = interleave_datasets([en_dataset, fr_dataset])
    >>> print(list(islice(multilingual_dataset, 2)))
    [{'text': 'Mtendere Village was inspired by the vision...}, {'text': "Média de débat d'idées, de culture et de littérature....}]

For more control over how each of the original datasets are sampled and mixed, define sampling probabilities for each of the original datasets. In the following example, 80% of the final mixed dataset is in English and 20% is in French:

    >>> multilingual_dataset_with_oversampling = interleave_datasets([en_dataset, fr_dataset], probabilities=[0.8, 0.2], seed=42)
    >>> print(list(islice(multilingual_dataset_with_oversampling, 2)))
    [{'text': 'Mtendere Village was inspired by the vision...}, {'text': 'Lily James cannot fight the music...}]

> Format

Reviewer: From this point, all the following sections are only relevant for the regular map-style `Dataset` object, not `IterableDataset`

Author: Added an admonition alerting the user these methods only work for regular `Dataset` objects. This does make me lean more towards creating a separate page for processing an `IterableDataset` ;)

.. code-block::

   >>> from transformers import BertTokenizer
   >>> tokenizer = BertTokenizer.from_pretrained("bert-base-uncased")
   >>> def encode(batch):
   ...     return tokenizer(batch["sentence1"], padding="longest", truncation=True, max_length=512, return_tensors="pt")
   >>> dataset.set_transform(encode)
   >>> dataset.format
   {'type': 'custom', 'format_kwargs': {'transform': <function __main__.encode(batch)>}, 'columns': ['idx', 'label', 'sentence1', 'sentence2'], 'output_all_columns': False}
   >>> dataset[:2]
   {'input_ids': tensor([[  101,  2572,  3217, ... 102]]), 'token_type_ids': tensor([[0, 0, 0, ... 0]]), 'attention_mask': tensor([[1, 1, 1, ... 1]])}

In this case, the tokenization is applied only when the examples are accessed.

Save
----

Once you are done processing your dataset, you can save and reuse it later. The following table shows which save method you should use depending on your :class:`datasets.Dataset` object:

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Object type
      - Save method
    * - :obj:`datasets.Dataset`
      - :func:`datasets.Dataset.save_to_disk`
    * - :obj:`datasets.DatasetDict`

>       - :func:`datasets.DatasetDict.save_to_disk`

Reviewer: Indeed, maybe we should tell about what functions are available for both
